z2m to ZBT migration: improve procedure titles (#697)
NabuCasa/support: src/connect-zbt-1/getting-started/migrate-z2m-network.md

If you no longer have the old stick, you can [migrate via a Zigbee2MQTT backup](/hc/en-us/articles/26700478689949).

> ## To migrate a Zigbee2MQTT network from the old adapter to ZHA

Reviewer: Technically we don't "move" the network from the old adapter away, we just connect the same adapter to ZHA instead of Z2M. The network kinda stays the same and "sticks" to the adapter. "From" does feel like the wrong term to  me. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
## Migrating a Zigbee network from Zigbee2MQTT to ZHA using the same adapter
```
